TODO.shamim.md, before:

## 7/11/2025 Friday

- [x] authentication checkup and bugfixing
- [x] adding service with relation user

## 8/11/2025 Saterday

- [x] **Finalize Data Layer & Relations:** Complete the final review, linking, and indexing of all Prisma model relations (`User`, `Profile`, `Social Post`), followed by running the migration.
- [x] **Checking Full Authentication Flow:** Implement and deploy JWT-based authentication (sign-in, token generation, Guards) and setup the core logic for OTP verification.
- [ ] **Profile photo Upload System:** Establish the complete file handling module, configuring Multer and the service logic for secure cloud storage and URL generation.

## 10/11/2025 Monday

- [ ] **upload file in aws tutorial from sojib vai** learn how to deploy image/file in aws like profile photo and service files
- [ ] **probleme solving** user module, profile module, social service crud, and relation checkup with guard then filnal implement
      **issue** authGuard problem then solving and check again authentication then work start

## 11/11/2025 Monday

- [x] **upload file in aws tutorial from sojib vai** learn how to deploy image/file in aws like profile photo and service files
- [x] **expolore** payment methodei with nest + stripe and test

## 12/11/2025 Monday

- [ ] **Other Dashboard api creation** create alternative and important all api for dashboard
- [ ] **waiting for chat/support area** waiting support session chate section then
      joy Vai consistently gives his best effort, and we learn from him gradually, step by step.

## 13/11/2025 Monday

- [ ] **Other Dashboard api creation** create alternative and important all api for dashboard
- [ ] **waiting for chat/support area** waiting support session chate section then
      joy Vai consistently gives his best effort, and we learn from him gradually, step by step.

## 15/11/2025 Satureday

- [ ] **payment method error solved** escrow system enable but some error and bugg tomorrow

                  stripe listen --forward-to http://localhost:5050/payments/webhook

## 16/11/2025 Sunday

- [ ] **ngrok enable for stripe platform** use production label
- [ ] **follow figma and status update by payment with webhook** properly done the payment section
- [ ] **setting update and permition controll** setup setting schema following the figma
- [ ] **i will try to best polish in order section then learn the chat system** chat system learning

Commit message:

payments system bug fixing and testing

TODO.shamim.md, after:

## 7/11/2025 Friday

- [x] authentication checkup and bugfixing
- [x] adding service with relation user

## 8/11/2025 Saterday

- [x] **Finalize Data Layer & Relations:** Complete the final review, linking, and indexing of all Prisma model relations (`User`, `Profile`, `Social Post`), followed by running the migration.
- [x] **Checking Full Authentication Flow:** Implement and deploy JWT-based authentication (sign-in, token generation, Guards) and setup the core logic for OTP verification.
- [ ] **Profile photo Upload System:** Establish the complete file handling module, configuring Multer and the service logic for secure cloud storage and URL generation.

## 10/11/2025

- [ ] **upload file in aws tutorial from sojib vai** learn how to deploy image/file in aws like profile photo and service files
- [ ] **probleme solving** user module, profile module, social service crud, and relation checkup with guard then filnal implement
      **issue** authGuard problem then solving and check again authentication then work start

## 11/11/2025

- [x] **upload file in aws tutorial from sojib vai** learn how to deploy image/file in aws like profile photo and service files
- [x] **expolore** payment methodei with nest + stripe and test

## 12/11/2025

- [ ] **Other Dashboard api creation** create alternative and important all api for dashboard
- [ ] **waiting for chat/support area** waiting support session chate section then
      joy Vai consistently gives his best effort, and we learn from him gradually, step by step.

## 13/11/2025

- [ ] **Other Dashboard api creation** create alternative and important all api for dashboard
- [ ] **waiting for chat/support area** waiting support session chate section then
      joy Vai consistently gives his best effort, and we learn from him gradually, step by step.

## 15/11/2025 Satureday

- [ ] **payment method error solved** escrow system enable but some error and bugg tomorrow

                          stripe listen --forward-to http://localhost:5050/payments/webhook

## 16/11/2025 Sunday

- [x] **note down the whole payment system** for future
- [ ] **ngrok enable for stripe platform** use production label
- [x] **follow figma and status update by payment with webhook** properly done the payment section
- [ ] **setting update and permition controll** setup setting schema following the figma
- [ ] **i will try to best polish in order section then learn the chat system** chat system learning

## 16/11/2025 Sunday

- [ ] **webhook problem** connect from stripe webhook with ngrok
- [ ] **setting update and permition controll** setup setting schema following the figma
- [ ] **i will try to best polish in order section then learn the chat system** chat system learning
